[Turnstile] Q4 updates, feature table, ephemeral IDs (#18721)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/turnstile/concepts/ephemeral-id.mdx

---
title: Ephemeral IDs
pcx_content_type: reference
sidebar:
  order: 4

---

Ephemeral IDs generate a unique short-lived ID that can link behavior to a specific client instead of an IP address without relying on setting any cookies or using similar client-side storage.

When the same visitor interacts with Turnstile widgets from different Cloudflare customers, they receive different Ephemeral IDs for each contact. In attacks where fraudsters attempt to disguise themselves using different IP addresses, Ephemeral IDs detect abuse patterns more accurately than determining whether the visitor is a human or a bot. 

> Ephemeral IDs are not unique and have a lifespan of XX seconds/minutes. These IDs cannot be used to track a single visitor over multiple days as they change frequently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ephemeral IDs are not unique and have a short lifespan (think seconds/minutes, not hours). These IDs cannot be used to track a single visitor over multiple days as they change frequently.
```
„XX“ sounds bad. I don’t think „think seconds/minutes“ is perfect, but better

Author: Thanks for the comments @Le0Developer! The `XX` value is just a placeholder as I still need to verify the actual timeframe.

---
title: Ephemeral IDs
pcx_content_type: reference
sidebar:
  order: 4

---

Ephemeral IDs generate a unique short-lived ID that can link behavior to a specific client instead of an IP address without relying on setting any cookies or using similar client-side storage.

When the same visitor interacts with Turnstile widgets from different Cloudflare customers, they receive different Ephemeral IDs for each contact. In attacks where fraudsters attempt to disguise themselves using different IP addresses, Ephemeral IDs detect abuse patterns more accurately than determining whether the visitor is a human or a bot. 

Ephemeral IDs are not unique and have a lifespan of up to a few days. These IDs cannot be used to track a single visitor over multiple days as they change frequently.

Refer to the [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/turnstile-ephemeral-ids-for-fraud-detection/) for more information.

## Availability

> Ephemeral IDs are available to customers with Enterprise Bot Management and Enterprise Turnstile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ephemeral IDs are available to customers with Enterprise Bot Management and Enterprise Turnstile. Contact your account team to gain access to Ephemeral IDs.
```
